config: add support for extra TLS configuration (#6378)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Generate server metrics with semantic conventions v1.26 in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` is set to `http/dup`. (#6411)
- Added support for configuring `ClientCertificate` and `ClientKey` field when exporting OTLP over gRPC in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config`. (#6378)

> 

Author: removed the newline

- Generate server metrics with semantic conventions v1.26 in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` is set to `http/dup`. (#6411)
- Generate client metrics with semantic conventions v1.26 in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` when `OTEL_SEMCONV_STABILITY_OPT_IN` is set to `http/dup`. (#6607)

> - Added support for configuring `ClientCertificate` and `ClientKey` field when exporting OTLP over gRPC in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config`. (#6378)

Reviewer: is it also not supporting OTLP over HTTP?

```suggestion
- Add support for configuring `ClientCertificate` and `ClientKey` field for OTLP exporters in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/config`. (#6378)
```

Author: Changed
